boards: stm32wba65_dk1: changes to support bt and ieee802154 (#108886)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/st/stm32wba65i_dk1/doc/index.rst

.. zephyr:board-supported-hw::

Bluetooth and IEEE 802.15.4 support
-----------------------------------

> BLE and IEEE 802.15.4 support are enabled on nucleo_wba65ri. To build a zephyr sample using this board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BLE and IEEE 802.15.4 support are enabled on stm32wba65i_dk1. To build a zephyr sample using this board
```

Author: name change implemented

> BLE and IEEE 802.15.4 support are enabled on stm32wba65i_dk1. To build a zephyr sample using this board

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BLE and IEEE 802.15.4 support are enabled on stm32wba65i_dk1. To build a Zephyr sample using this board

Author: change done
